Add discord-bots topic (#2718)
github/explore: topics/discord-bots/index.md

---
aliases: discordbots
topic: discord-bots
github_url: https://github.com/discord
display_name: Discord Bots (Extensions)
logo: discord-bots.png

> short_description: Discord Bots is extensions for Discord chat app. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short_description: Discord Bots are extensions for the Discord chat app.
```
Just a small grammar correction.

> url: https://top-bots.xyz

Reviewer 2: I don't feel comfortable linking to a 3rd party bot listing site here. Can we remove this line?
```suggestion
```

Author: Let's wait for the discord to release its own listing service (it will do it in about a month or two)

Author: Or we can for now replace it with https://discord.dev, which is an official documentation of discord's api

Reviewer 2: sure, yeah that works!
```suggestion
url: https://discord.dev
```

---

> A bot is an automated Discord account. It utilises the Discord API. They have a "BOT" tag next to their username. They can be added through the API. Bots typically follow a command structure, where a user sends a prefixed message and the bot reponds, though bots can work in many different ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bot is an automated Discord account. It utilizes the Discord API. They have a "BOT" tag next to their username. They can be added through the API. Bots typically follow a command structure, where a user sends a prefixed message or a slash command, and the bot reponds, though bots can work in many different ways.
```
I think it would be more consistent to use the American spelling of things (like the words in other pages, e.g. "color"). Second, slash commands are also dominant in today's era of Discord [bots]. Third, of course, the Oxford comma before the "and" 😄.

Author: Thank you for correcting me! <3
